what is the end of the gauntlet
both teams have declined me so I'm left
with just whatever I can get
scraping the bottom of that barrel like
and it's it's the guy yeah he'll I
wanted to interview I I want interviews
ale you can go directly to me there's
layers of bureaucracy above us ale
I'm not bottom of the barrel because
look I have people bring burritos to me
in Crocs like shoes yeah
Cassandra was supposed to give me powder
she bought me powder a shiny or fine I
will not further this I mean she
literally bought me some so I can use it
in the future because I was really shiny
at one of the events awfully there ahead
in here the burrito that's your dinner
getting interviewed about it's probably
not want to talk about Wow
yeah what did you oh I hit a 348 really
you're 40 years old what are you doing
tomorrow afternoon hotline League know
that you're doing that night well even
in morrow afternoon because a lot of us
are gonna try and do old ear I'm in okay
cool okay are you gonna be a part of at
3:53 I just kiss your you have no life
I have no life do you still not have a
job it's been a bit yeah
did you guys ever work together at all
behind the scenes I think he means Yahoo
ID I mean like here like it's just the
first time you see each other like
because you're you're not on the desk or
anything you like come hang out and
watch sometimes and we'll talk and then
like there are times like when I want to
ask like a more technical or game
related question I'll come into the
analysts desk and be like hey does this
question make sense and then they'll be
like no you idiot okay like to give her
a bad question so that the players make
fun of her I get yeah people who people
are unkind
anyway bye yeah yeah happy to do it
anyway
the point is I'm here with mark and
because I couldn't get any other
interviews scraping the barrel what
coverage is presented by Thomas lush can
you can you pivot in that direction
we'll switch we'll switch but no no I
mean let's just well they'll be in the
background they'll be in the background
we'll do it this way we'll do it this
way okay here we go here we go right yes
okay and then you'll probably need a
backup like how directional is this is
it like we can just anyway the point is
we are here and I do hotline League with
Mark tomorrow so we don't want to talk
about too much but one thing that I will
probably repeat there is just that
yesterday after the TSM game i streamed
a little bit people are asking me for my
predictions that I was just like you
know what I think it's gonna be another
three oh because that seems like the
most anything ever and I people were
like ooh and I'm like cloud night like
it's just we're gonna leapfrog and
that's what happened yeah it was a
little disappointing the first two
series felt like to mental boom teams
and so I thought this one would be good
and I think the first few games were
pretty close and then the third game at
TS I'm just kind of unraveled and I
think c9 had a lot of new prepared
in the draft and TSM didn't and I think
Cena has a better team well what and
then you realized of course that we ego
echo Fox 3 o´clock clouding our TSM 300
echo box all the way up to see nine and
then Team Liquid 3 OC night yeah yeah it
just happened before it happened before
but what that's how like our teams are
ranked somehow hundred thieves it's the
world's out of all that but what why do
you think that the amount of hate we get
over a hundred thieves you know that
we're like there's a subreddit through
subreddit about how much I hate them you
us or just you more me but then they
like someone else said like well it's
not just mark it's a lot of the analysts
hate hate them okay so it's oh it's not
me I don't think you'd count as an
analyst but I'm sure they were they were
including you I was so on the side I
mean I don't you hate I mean you guys
had a firm move on the desk today no I
don't hate hundred thieves it's it's
it's not at all about their players the
scale of
or anything it's just like I can't deny
that like a relatively slow pace team
that you know in some sense limped into
the worlds is a team that I'm excited
about that's all the point is but at the
same time everyone that wasn't TL in the
playoffs went to five games like TSM was
five games c9 TSN was five games echo
Fox TSM was five games and so like I
don't really have a problem with echo
fox going because it's not like there
was a hundred three hundred he was going
seen because it wasn't like there's a
clearly better candidate it's just a
personal preference like but it does
feel bad I think a lot of people it
feels bad for a lot of people to watch
hundred thieves lose on one day and the
very next day qualify for worlds while
not even being on stage like if you want
to make the argument why it feels bad
it's because the in the entire year they
beat clutch gaming and fly quest in best
of fives they didn't even really beat
any other world's contenders like it was
like they beat echo Fox so people are
like well who'd they really beat and
then they also lost their last two best
two fives and still qualify so like I
understand where people are coming from
but it I don't think like there was a
great third candidate like c9 was the
great candidate which a lot of people
wanted a second but then they got in a
third echo 500 things got in at second
so I I don't know at the end of the day
was it really matter
alright moving on
do you have any hope for North America
at Worlds after all these games because
there some people think like oh wow
these are really great but like I think
the three O's just kind of don't install
that much confidence we thought we saw
Team Liquid three ohing which feels like
they didn't get a good challenge c9 got
three ODE and then three out so doesn't
feel like they got a good and then again
we just talked about a hundred thieves
so it just feels hard to be excited
about any of this rain I don't think
those things make me less excited for
Worlds or anything like I think TL has
you know as always depending on the
group draw a little bit a pretty good
chance of getting out the next two I'm a
little less confident in but for c9 a
lot of it comes down to like I think
they really under performed in playoffs
we're blabber
looked pretty terrible and looked really
good today and he's looked like a young
player who wants to play really
aggressive and he didn't do that and
playoffs cuz I think he kind of got a
little nervous or whatever maybe got in
his own head so I don't think the the c9
that we saw for all of regular season
showed up in playoffs
showed up in the gauntlet and I'm
excited to see them in a best-of one
setting if they can get through the
playin stage I think they'll be very fun
to watch I don't know if they'll do well
but like these are gonna pull out these
like I'll go in comps or whatever you
know yeah I think they'll do the same
thing as long as they work in the meta
but I will say like it depends what your
expectations are cuz some people are
like tiel's got to get semies for me to
be excited and think we did well and for
me it's like if two teams get out of
groups and like put up good
best of five matches i think we did
pretty well if we can get that then I'm
like not bad world so two out of groups
that's here that's your definition for
success you out of groups and we don't
just get like 300 go home you guys suck
in the actual playoffs what are you and
you're not able to say what your
involvement if any will be in the
broadcast for worlds are you are you
thinking about if you're allowed to say
something like the announcement hasn't
come out yet and I should wait for the
announcement I was weighing if I cared I
know I shouldn't say anything okay well
I don't want to get you in trouble okay
so that's what I've I I've done playing
stages every year at least so we'll see
okay so that's that's sort of what's
happened in the past we will find out if
it will happen in the future
hotline League is tomorrow who is our
guest probably me Tito's probably me
Tito's all right and we're hoping that
he can lock it where we're hoping to
lock them in soon yeah we'll see if I go
home shower and just play Wow or if I
actually send that DM to lock him in
we'll see what happens I'm hoping that
you can lock him in well by the way
finally what was it like for you on the
analyst desk here this forgot late and
what's a bit really weird well one thing
you had a 45-minute pause so that like
made it feel like you had a four-game
series even though yesterday was a
three-game but hey listen been
interesting it was not super interesting
because like Fox first clutch was like
almost a meme game and then TSM vs. Fox
started really good and we were having a
really nice time and like meteos was
there and I think we actually filled the
time really well with like actually
interesting good insight and then as
soon as we came out of the pause tee
ah fox inted the rest of that game and
there's over five minutes later and then
they entered the whole second game and
and then we got like the the third game
which was a little bit more competitive
again but it felt like what we were set
up for a good series and then they just
got derailed and that felt really bad
and then yeah the third series the first
two games once again we're pretty close
and I think that was fine talk about
what the first two days were a little
like oh what the so you've been doing
these in-depth investigations for
Hotline league I have every a hotline
league you do do the crazy thing then
you come up with your zimmer do you I
think I've got one for you to look into
did clutch actually prepare or practice
at all for gauntlet that's a tough one
because solo was in Oakland on the desk
and doing the fan activations not
practicing on the weekend and of course
they would only have echo fox to
practice and echo fox was their
first-round opponent so maybe it made
sense that they were that he was up
there but well ice but I I this is pure
speculation but I feel like they didn't
that's why I guess so I'd actually like
if you could look into that that'll be
very good for me the thing about these
like Zimmer's is that usually kind of
falls into my lap I'm not there I'm like
doing work so like somehow someone tells
me are I over here and then I I like ask
one person okay maybe to this I haven't
heard anything about this well I've told
you this I've over you've overheard it
for me that's completely upset stated
Rivera nobody usually if someone in the
scene who I hear things from you you're
like periphery like camera through the
window paparazzi style Oh
doublelift who else EU in with it also
my end with I talk to a lot of the
owners and I talk to I've got dinner
with bio frost stealer ding he's playing
a lot of World of Warcraft you know I
talk to people I can't I can't say all
the people I talk to you but people talk
to me and you know I want to see Travis
bomb coming up what's a Travis bomb I
don't know I'm still working on it
I mean I need it to be a girl so I also
think I carry it less than you because
a lot of people talk to me about like
well what's a demoted journalists
integrity do like you know get to
sources compare them against show they
should be independent sources that so
you're not asking the same person from
two different people you know like oh
that's tough and I was like yeah but I'm
not like a journalist and I'm not trying
to be I'm just you just get it off
reddit no I'm just saying like I'm more
of a rumor mill you know like I'm not
trying to be like breaking news you're
the gossip columnist it's kind of looked
down upon profession but like who's
doing it these days
very good well is there anything that
you want to say to anybody out there no
you can check out the restaurant
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel and be sure
to check out a hotline League which airs
every Monday night at 8 p.m. with me and
Mark Zimmerman if you enjoyed this
content and you somehow made its the
interview or into the interview you
should definitely check that out
hi everyone thanks so much for watching
my video this has been sponsored by only
flash pier charges to be $40,000 per
interview to do this so if you want to
I'll place it on my patreon and donate
or subscribe or whatever and anything
helps I feel like my head feels really
big